added the CONTRIBUTING.md file (#11)
seanohue/vue-howler-bus: CONTRIBUTING.md

> And if you like the project, but just don't have time to contribute, that's fine. There are other easy ways to support the project and show your appreciation, which we would also be very happy about:
>
> - Star the project
> - Tweet about it
> - Refer this project in your project's readme
> - Mention the project at local meetups and tell your friends/colleagues

<!-- omit in toc -->
## Table of Contents

- [Code of Conduct](#code-of-conduct)
- [I Have a Question](#i-have-a-question)
- [I Want To Contribute](#i-want-to-contribute)
  - [Reporting Bugs](#reporting-bugs)
  - [Suggesting Enhancements](#suggesting-enhancements)
  - [Your First Code Contribution](#your-first-code-contribution)
  - [Improving The Documentation](#improving-the-documentation)
- [Styleguides](#styleguides)
  - [Commit Messages](#commit-messages)
- [Join The Project Team](#join-the-project-team)

## Code of Conduct

This project and everyone participating in it is governed by the

> [Code of Conduct].

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[Code of Conduct](./CODE_OF_CONDUCT.md).
```

This should make it link to the current COC

By participating, you are expected to uphold this code. Please report unacceptable behavior

> to <>.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
to [@seanohue](https://github.com/seanohue).
```

<!-- omit in toc -->
#### Before Submitting an Enhancement

- Make sure that you are using the latest version.
- Read the [documentation] carefully and find out if the functionality is already covered, maybe by an individual configuration.
- Perform a [search](https://github.com/seanohue/vue-howler-bus/issues) to see if the enhancement has already been suggested. If it has, add a comment to the existing issue instead of opening a new one.
- Find out whether your idea fits with the scope and aims of the project. It's up to you to make a strong case to convince the project's developers of the merits of this feature. Keep in mind that we want features that will be useful to the majority of our users and not just a small subset. If you're just targeting a minority of users, consider writing an add-on/plugin library.

### Your First Code Contribution

Fork the repository. 

```

- git clone <your-forked-repo-link>

> -git checkout -b <appropiate branch name>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
-git checkout -b <appropriate branch name>
```

small typo here

```

### Improving The Documentation
<!-- TODO
Updating, improving and correcting the documentation

-->

1. follow the indentations
2. use appropiate variable names to make your code readable.

## Styleguides

### Commit Messages
<!-- TODO

-->
-git add <filename>
(for multiple files)
-git add . or -git add -A
-git commit -s -m "message"
-git push -u origin <your-branch-name>
## Join The Project Team
<!-- TODO -->

<!-- omit in toc -->

> feel free to ask the maintainer in the issue comment section to for the issue and hence joining the team. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Feel free to ask the maintainer to assign you to an open issue and hence join the team. 
```
Worded a bit clearer this way

## Attribution

This guide is based on the **contributing-gen**. [Make your own](https://github.com/bttger/contributing-gen)!

> Note : The document is adapted from [Torus](https://github.com/torus-online/torus/blob/master/CONTRIBUTING.MD).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Note: The document is adapted from [Torus](https://github.com/torus-online/torus/blob/master/CONTRIBUTING.MD).
```
No need to have a space before the `:` punctuation
